README.md, before:

Documentation of all added cards:<br/>
#-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Tarots<br/>
Reverse Fool - Creates an inverted version of the last Tarot card used (regular becomes reverse, reverse becomes regular. Planets spawn as per normal Fool)<br/>
Reverse Magician - Enhances up to 2 selected cards into Loaded card (1/5 for $6, 1/15 for +60 Mult)<br/>
Reverse High Priestess - Creates a Planet card from your highest levelled hand(s)<br/>
Reverse Empress - Create up to two Held Mult cards (+6 Mult when held in hand)<br/>
Reverse Emperor - Create two random Reverse Tarot cards<br/>
Reverse Hierophant - Create up to two Held Bonus cards (+40 Chip when held in hand)<br/>
Reverse Lovers - Enhances 1 card to be Omnirank (counts for every rank in that suit but scores no Chip. Whichever rank would result in the highest Poker hand is used)<br/>
Reverse Chariot - Enhances 1 selected card into a Copper card (x1.5 Chip when left in hand)<br/>
Reverse Justice - Enhances 1 card into a Crystal card (Multiplies Chip by 2, 1/4 chance to break on use)<br/>
Reverse Hermit - Sets your cash to $20 (only in pool if money < 20)<br/>
Reverse Wheel of Fortune - 1/4 chance to add an Edition to a playing card<br/>
Reverse Strength - Decrease rank of two selected cards by 1<br/>
Reverse Hanged Man - Add a random enhanced card to your hand<br/>
Reverse Death - Converts the right card into the left card<br/>
Reverse Temperance - Receive sell value of cards held in hand (each enhancement, edition, seal increases value by $1 each)<br/>
Reverse Devil - Enhances selected card into a Pyrite card (+6 mult, -$2 when held in hand at end of round)<br/>
Reverse Tower - Enhances selected card into a Granite card (Rankless, Suitless, +10 Mult, scores with any hand)<br/>
Reverse Star -Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Diamonds (counts as both base suit and Diamonds)<br/>
Reverse Moon - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Clubs (counts as both base suit and Clubs)<br/>
Reverse Sun - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Hearts (counts as both base suit and Hearts)<br/>
Reverse Judgement -Creates a random Negative Joker with an Ephemeral sticker (perishes in 3 Rounds, has 0 sell value)<br/>
Reverse World - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Spades (counts as both base suit and Spades)<br/>
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Jokers<br/>
Rekoj - Gives -4 Mult<br/>
Counterfeit Bill - Gain $5 at the end of round.  Increases by $1 per Loaded card triggered (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Wild Joker - Gains x.1 Mult per card in deck with more than one suit (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Omni Joker - Scored Omnirank cards give x1.5 Chip when scored (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Crystal Joker - Gains x.75 Chip per Crystal card broken (Enhancement gated, unlock: have 5 Crystal cards in full deck)<br/>
Copper Joker - Gains x.2 Chip per Copper card in deck (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Marbled Joker - Gains +5 Mult per Granite card in deck (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Sculptor - Adds a Marble card to your hand at the beginning of every blind<br/>
Fool’s Gold - Scored Pyrite cards now give the specified money instead of taking it (Enhancement gated, unlock: Play a hand with 5 scoring Pyrite cards)<br/>
Rewrite - Gains x.2 Mult every time an already enhanced card is enhanced<br/>
Cartomancer? - Reverse Tarot version of Cartomancer<br/>
Card Reading - Creates a Reverse Tarot when hand played with money over interest cap<br/>
Dead Cat - Sets hands per round to 1, cannot be overwritten.  Prevents death if chips scored are at least 50% of required amount (activates up to 9 times, then destroys itself)<br/>
The D6 - Randomly gives between 1 and 6 xMult<br/>
Double Down - 1 in 2 chance for this card's xMult to be multiplied by 2 when hand played.  Starts at X1, resets at end of round.

Commit message:

added two new boss blinds

README.md, after:

Documentation of all added cards:<br/>
#-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Tarots<br/>
Reverse Fool - Creates an inverted version of the last Tarot card used (regular becomes reverse, reverse becomes regular. Planets spawn as per normal Fool)<br/>
Reverse Magician - Enhances up to 2 selected cards into Loaded card (1/5 for $6, 1/15 for +60 Mult)<br/>
Reverse High Priestess - Creates a Planet card from your highest levelled hand(s)<br/>
Reverse Empress - Create up to two Held Mult cards (+6 Mult when held in hand)<br/>
Reverse Emperor - Create two random Reverse Tarot cards<br/>
Reverse Hierophant - Create up to two Held Bonus cards (+40 Chip when held in hand)<br/>
Reverse Lovers - Enhances 1 card to be Omnirank (counts for every rank in that suit but scores no Chip. Whichever rank would result in the highest Poker hand is used)<br/>
Reverse Chariot - Enhances 1 selected card into a Copper card (x1.5 Chip when left in hand)<br/>
Reverse Justice - Enhances 1 card into a Crystal card (Multiplies Chip by 2, 1/4 chance to break on use)<br/>
Reverse Hermit - Sets your cash to $20 (only in pool if money < 20)<br/>
Reverse Wheel of Fortune - 1/4 chance to add an Edition to a playing card<br/>
Reverse Strength - Decrease rank of two selected cards by 1<br/>
Reverse Hanged Man - Add a random enhanced card to your hand<br/>
Reverse Death - Converts the right card into the left card<br/>
Reverse Temperance - Receive sell value of cards held in hand (each enhancement, edition, seal increases value by $1 each)<br/>
Reverse Devil - Enhances selected card into a Pyrite card (+6 mult, -$2 when held in hand at end of round)<br/>
Reverse Tower - Enhances selected card into a Granite card (Rankless, Suitless, +10 Mult, scores with any hand)<br/>
Reverse Star -Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Diamonds (counts as both base suit and Diamonds)<br/>
Reverse Moon - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Clubs (counts as both base suit and Clubs)<br/>
Reverse Sun - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Hearts (counts as both base suit and Hearts)<br/>
Reverse Judgement -Creates a random Negative Joker with an Ephemeral sticker (perishes in 3 Rounds, has 0 sell value)<br/>
Reverse World - Enhances up to 2 cards to Secondary Spades (counts as both base suit and Spades)<br/>
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Jokers<br/>
Rekoj - Gives -4 Mult<br/>
Counterfeit Bill - Gain $5 at the end of round. Increases by $1 per Loaded card triggered (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Wild Joker - Gains x.1 Mult per card in deck with more than one suit (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Omni Joker - Scored Omnirank cards give x1.5 Chip when scored (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Crystal Joker - Gains x.75 Chip per Crystal card broken (Enhancement gated, unlock: have 5 Crystal cards in full deck)<br/>
Copper Joker - Gains x.2 Chip per Copper card in deck (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Marbled Joker - Gains +5 Mult per Granite card in deck (Enhancement gated)<br/>
Sculptor - Adds a Marble card to your hand at the beginning of every blind<br/>
Fool’s Gold - Scored Pyrite cards now give the specified money instead of taking it (Enhancement gated, unlock: Play a hand with 5 scoring Pyrite cards)<br/>
Rewrite - Gains x.2 Mult every time an already enhanced card is enhanced<br/>
Cartomancer? - Reverse Tarot version of Cartomancer<br/>
Card Reading - Creates a Reverse Tarot when hand played with money over interest cap<br/>
Dead Cat - Sets hands per round to 1, cannot be overwritten. Prevents death if chips scored are at least 50% of required amount (activates up to 9 times, then destroys itself)<br/>
The D6 - Randomly gives between 1 and 6 xMult<br/>
Double Down - 1 in 2 chance for this card's xMult to be multiplied by 2 when hand played. Starts at X1, resets at end of round.
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Blinds<br/>
The Left Hand - All cards debuffed while held in hand<br/>
The Right Hand - All played cards debuffed<br/>
